PBM-345 Described pbm logs command. (#472)
percona/percona-backup-mongodb: doc/source/running.rst

The following flags are available:

-	``-t``, ``--tail`` - Show the last N rows of the log
-	``-e``, ``--event`` - Filter logs by all backups or a specific backup
-	``-n``, ``--node`` - Filter logs by a specific node  or a replica set
-	``-s``, ``--severity`` - Filter logs by severity level. The following values are supported (from low to high):
   - D - Debug
   - I - Info
   - W - Warning
   - E - Error
   - F - Fatal
- ``-o``, ``--output`` - Show log information as text (default) or in JSON format.

.. rubric:: Examples

The following are some examples of filtering logs

Show logs for all backups:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pbm logs --event=backup

Show the last 100 lines of the log about a specific backup 2020-10-15T17:42:54Z:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pbm logs --tail=100 --event=backup/2020-10-15T17:42:54Z

Include only errors from the specific replica set

.. code-block:: bash

   $ pbm logs -n rs1 -s E

The output includes log messages of the specified severity type and all higher levels. Thus, when ERROR is specified, both ERROR and FATAL messages are shown in the output.

.. rubric:: Implementation details

> ``pbm-agents`` write log information into the ``pbmLog`` collection in the :term:`PBM Control collections`. Every |pbm-agent| also writes log information to stderr so that you can retrieve it when there is no living node in your cluster or replica set. For how to view an individual |pbm-agent| log, see :ref:`pbm-agent.log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``pbm-agents`` write log information into the ``pbmLog`` collection in the :term:`PBM Control collections`. Every |pbm-agent| also writes log information to stderr so that you can retrieve it when there is no healthy mongod node in your cluster or replica set. For how to view an individual |pbm-agent| log, see :ref:`pbm-agent.log`.
```
@dAdAbird Is this correction I'm suggesting actually correct?

.. include:: .res/code-block/bash/pbm-delete-backup-older-than-timestamp.txt

.. _pbm.logs:

Viewing backup logs
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As of version 1.4.0, you can see the logs from all ``pbm-agents`` in your MongoDB environment using ``pbm CLI``. This reduces time for finding required information when troubleshooting issues.

To view |pbm-agent| logs, run the :program:`pbm logs` command and pass one or several flags to narrow down the search.

The following flags are available:

-	``-t``, ``--tail`` - Show the last N rows of the log
-	``-e``, ``--event`` - Filter logs by all backups or a specific backup
-	``-n``, ``--node`` - Filter logs by a specific node  or a replica set
-	``-s``, ``--severity`` - Filter logs by severity level. The following values are supported (from low to high):
   - D - Debug
   - I - Info
   - W - Warning
   - E - Error
   - F - Fatal
- ``-o``, ``--output`` - Show log information as text (default) or in JSON format.

> - ``--opid`` - Filter logs by the operation ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``-i``, ``--opid`` - Filter logs by the operation ID
```
